Mark the `experimental` property as deprecated (#28811)
mdn/browser-compat-data: schemas/compat-data-schema.md

> - `experimental`: a `boolean` value.

Reviewer: I'd maybe also add deprecated in parentheses here:

```suggestion
- `experimental` (DEPRECATED): a `boolean` value.
```

>   **Warning**: The `experimental` property is deprecated. Prefer using more well-defined stability calculations, such as Baseline, instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > [!WARNING]
  > The `experimental` property is **deprecated**.
  > Prefer using better defined stability calculations, such as Baseline, instead.
```
